foreign
[Music]
is an RPG that's very similar to the
likes of Monster Hunter and sees you
taking on missions whilst Gathering
resources to improve your character and
their effectiveness in battle the story
is that Earth has been taken over by
mutant beasts known as the origami and
the god ages so the only thing that can
save the world wielding their God Arc a
special weapon used to slaying the
origami you set off on your journey to
hopefully print down the frappe post now
the battle system is intense and unique
brutal is the password to describe it
but there is much more to it than just
that versatility of the combat is vast
and worth exploring but the options of
plates guns and shields who can shape
your character to play the game the way
you want to play it there is also the
Ingenuity of being able to switch
between a gun or a sword at any moment
because of the many functions the
goddark weapon you will never feel
overwhelmed unlike other games in the
genres you don't simply level up to grow
your character but rather devour cores
which are lacked by Fallen enemies the
cores are transformed into materials
which when combined the various items
you'll find across the map allow you to
create stronger weapons Shields of guns
to upgrade your stats it creates a very
addictive system that will see you glue
to your screen for Amazon and
continually chasing more and more
effective weapons Lighthouse now
aesthetically there are plenty of films
Done Right while individuals who dislike
namco's franchises and other similar
series may find the flavor of the game
in bad taste there are enough explosions
set against ruined buildings destroyed
Bridges and wrecked subway cars that
satisfy most action fans the animations
fluid the design of the gods are
spectacular and the environmental detail
then set the stage with each Mission
quite nicely but you never go around to
playing it when it first released and
they're looking for a new RPG to jump
into then now is the perfect time to
check this one out
[Music]
tales of the world radio morphology uses
many characters from previous Tales
games and places them in an all-new
Story featuring a new hero you in terms
of the action this game focuses on
dungeon frog and sees you taking quests
from a certain build you joined early in
the game both to continue the main story
and to unlock Extra features these
quests could range from killing a
certain number of enemies to saving
someone lost in the dungeon to other
similar tasks such as finding specific
items while the system can get boring
very quickly there are two things that
helped keep the gameplay fresh the best
being the battles they use a pretty
unique mix of both 2D and 3D based
gameplay you can use the analog to move
around the 3D space or use the d-pad
which locks you into the line like the
Tails games of all the characters you
use in each fight have their own batches
of skills and if used properly they can
be chained together to make a long
damage and Combos and even link up with
the attacks of other characters to combo
for even more hits of that the second is
this huge variety of classes and
customization options that can help
improve your character by doing the
massive number of side quests you will
slowly unlock more and more items to use
and some of these unlockables and new
classes that provide fresh different
ways to go into battle once you use them
others of recipes that allow you to do a
range of events from cooking items like
seal your entire party the origin metals
that can improve your arm and statistics
it's so easy to get lost in the amount
of ways to mix up your play start
furthermore despite the somewhat Simple
Story the character interactions May
became fun outside the battle for both
Hills veterans and new players that left
[Music]
half minute hero is an RPG where you
have 30 seconds to stop an evil Overlord
from casting a spell of Destruction that
will wipe out all of existence this
plays out like an accelerated version of
the RPGs all you wander around the map
fighting enemies of random different
Quests for NPCs eventually building your
level up until you're strong enough to
take on the boss for a game centered
around a gimmick half minute hero is
surprisingly deep you'll find yourself
playing through the level several times
trying to find the quickest route to the
end and there is sometimes more than one
way to complete the level it also has
multiple branching paths allowing you to
find new enemies to fight a new
equipment that can help you with later
levels now the battles happened
automatically as each side rushes
blindly at each other determined by
factors of attack and defensive power
which progress from your starting point
to the evil Lord's castle you'll also
encounter different enemies in different
terrains and most importantly Townsend
dungeons dungeons will typically have a
slew of monsters followed by a reward
but sometimes lead to other areas on the
line flat surface and complex measures
the towns have things to buy people that
will give you advice on how to beat the
evil Lord and party members for hire
among the films you'll buy you'll have
restorative items that replenish your
health as well as equipment that can
alter your attack power and critical
rate which made certain that each of
these towns essential this game offers a
little bit of everything as well as
massive amounts of replayability and
some secrets for people to delve into
this game is a must-have for anyone who
loves RPGs and is looking for something
easy to pick up and play in short bursts
on the surface you'd be forgiven for
shrinking like a room and a monstrous
Adventure looks nothing more than a game
of children but doing so we'll be doing
a huge disservice is beyond the somewhat
childish exterior lies a complex and
rewarding RPG it all revolves around
parrot a young girl who has been forced
to move in with her grandfather in a
remote mining town there are no other
children in the town but parent manages
to make friends with some monsters
childlike creatures of nature that live
just outside the town parent has a wide
variety of attacks and combos available
to her that increases and she picks up
upgrades for her soul weapon a drill the
customization apparent is rather limited
but you are able to change her hat into
the drill parts on the play when any
situation presents the need to the
enemies when tape him individually
aren't too challenging but is the game
progresses their coming during greater
numbers and have access to equipment of
their own which includes armor melee
weapons and even firearms and bombs this
serves to spice upper combat and succeed
in doing so extremely well each dungeon
lasts around 10 to 15 minutes of length
and you scored on how fast you get
through the dungeon how many Treasures
you find pots and faces you smash and
enemies you defeat so to get a great
rank him it's imperative that you
thoroughly explore the whole dungeon all
in all go room in a monstrous Adventure
stance is a great Dungeon Crawler that
is perfect for players of all ages and
still levels
if there was one game that became
synonymous with the PSP it would have to
be Monster Hunter that's all several
iterations on handheld in my eyes
Freedom unites the best and one of the
main attractions of the game is its
challenge each of the monsters have a
unique way of seeming to bombarding with
attacks and most of the time you cannot
jump straight into a boss's Quest and
expect to beat the first try because
each of them have strategies that you
must learn by experience you can carve
the monster if defeated extractive
materials for crafting or as an
alternative it's sometimes more
challenging option you may capture the
monster by trapping it either of those
paths you decide to take will still be
greeted by a reward screen after
completing request and defeating each
monster will give you a nice reward but
capturement will give you an even larger
one with the acquisition of these
materials you can craft yourself a new
weapon or armor or even improve upon
what you have already this creates the
near endless loop of gameplay for the
adventure and with up to 500 hours of
play time there is plenty to see and do
across the adventure they'll throw PSP
it the prophets of Monster Hunter
Freedom unites were extremely impressive
each of the areas are very diverse in
appearance and sometimes in sights
several of them provide Cliffs or edges
that betray beautiful seeds that look
incredible on a small screen to top this
off each and every one of the enemies of
weapons in the game are all lovingly
detailed further pulling the player into
the immersive world that Capcom created
this game is nothing but choices with
countless different weapons to choose
from dozens of monsters hunts and
hundreds of quests to choose from the
player has countless options so if
you're looking for the best Monster
Hunter on the PSP look no further than
Freedom Unite
[Music]
standing is one of the longest running
RPG series is constantly Innovative that
managed to stay relevant right up until
the current date the biggest Evolution
though was arguably B7 which saw a doll
in his kind-hearted friend doji arriving
in the port city of article a bustling
and productive Kingdom that seems to
have a very dark undercurrent beneath
the prosperity unfortunately the city is
under threat from a deadly disease which
is spreading across the land that is
slowly killing people and there seems to
be no no shot adol sets out with his
band of love-minded Heroes to solve the
mystery which sees you exploring the
land interacted with a lovable cast of
NPCs that all add a real way to the
events that transpire of course without
solid gameplay the story would mean
nothing and thankfully this is where E7
comes in for its own adol is now joined
by two party members at all times and
furthermore they will be switched
between with the top of a button this of
course provides some much welcome
gameplay variety as each character has
their own weapons and skills but also
plays into the game's Battle Sister up
nicely as well certain enemies that you
run into will have various weaknesses or
strengths for example adol will have a
hard time fighting against light shelled
enemies with his sword but doji can
pulverize these enemies this gives the
game of rock paper scissors fight to its
combat which often forces you to keep a
well-balanced team to easily to appear
up enemies E7 is a genuinely fun and
action packet with an engaging fighting
system and another character variety to
keep things interested adding the solid
visuals fantastic boss fights and
outstanding music and you have a
seriously a great game if you're on the
lookout for a portable RPG then E7 will
definitely fill that void
the third story is a sequel to parasite
U2 that took the series in a completely
new direction from the previous two
games and once again saw you taking up
the fighters ire who along with her a
team of Specialists find a way to go
back into the past for buyer's abilities
and attempt to recreate the present by
changing the events now saying this is a
third person shooter would be accurate
but missing the Mark at the same time
it's very much an RPG with several
aspects that help you improve your
chances of success all the time this is
mainly done through the use of acquiring
experience points that drop each and
every time you take out an enemy and
this is where the game truly shines Aya
has the skill to overdrive which
basically allows her to send her mind
into that when every human focusing on
one enemy she can link her side p with
the rest of her Squad and use Crossfire
that sees all of your connected members
convenient on one Target and
obliterating them with its turn
thankfully there's a ton of options when
it comes to battles with a near endless
stream of weapons that open up new
approaches such as a long range sniper
rifle for the more safe approach to
grenades and shotgun style level the
playing field once the action beats up
of course with it being an RPG you also
get the chance to acquire several pieces
for American clothing that augment your
attributes and further influence your
Proficiency in combat now when it comes
to presentation it doesn't have much
better than third birthday sure is
Strays from the established designs of
the originals but with its highly
detailed 3D character models beautiful
environments and tons of variety what
more could you ask for on the PSP if you
played the two previous games then the
third birthday is an absolute must-have
but if you've never had the chance of
playing them third birthday is a much
more accessible game that will appeal to
Casual fans as well
crisis cause serves as a prequel to
Final Fantasy VII Apollo Zach a man who
works with the organization known
shindra is an elite Warrior and small
group within the company as with all
RPGs the more you progress the more
exciting and complex the battles can't
practically forcing you to use your
entire arsenal of spells and physical
commands in order to succeed it all
revolves around something known as
digital mind wave which is represented
by a slot machine on the screen if you
manage to line all of them up but
granted special attacks like an
absolutely wipe the floor with the Enemy
the device uses Soldier points or SP to
keep running and you earn SP by
defeating enemies and as a result this
keeps the action flowing at a high pace
and really helps the combat system come
into its own of course just like the
original game material also plays a huge
role in battle with each color of
material represented in a different type
you'll get more material slots you go
which proves useful as there's a good
amount of it okay ranging from spells
like pure and thunder the various
commands such as jump or spending
attacks which damaged several enemies at
a time now besides the main quest Crisis
Core features hundreds of side missions
that Zack and Tackle most of the
missions often going through an area to
find and defeat the boss but you'll get
rewards for completing these missions
that include rare Materia and
accessories and submissions will give
you new characters to add to the DFW
visually Square Enix have always prided
themselves on high production values and
even knowing that the obsessive level of
graphical detail than prices sport is
simply staggered and absolutely raised
the bar for what the PSP was capable of
sadly some of the areas especially from
the side missions are often rather
planned though the large majority of the
game's environments are remarkably well
made actually this one recently got
remade for modern consoles as well so if
you're looking to try it out it may be
worth giving that one try instead
Fantasy Star is a long-running RPG
series that began its life way back on
the Sega Master System after a short
Hiatus who would see its Resurgence on
the Dreamcast with Fantasy Star online
which brought the game into a completely
different world and allowed players to
work together over the internet and
immerse themselves in a mission-based
adventure Fantasy Star Portable 2 shares
many aspects with previous games in the
series but in many ways it is also a
completely new experience fixing and
changing many issues from its
predecessor instead of being a part of
the Guardians and organization across
the entire solar system to police the
planets and keep peace amongst them the
main character joins a military group
known as little when and is run from one
of their satellite colonies which serves
as the main Hub area of Japan gameplay
has always been the best part of the
Fantasy Star online games in my opinion
and fancy Star Portable 2 has some of
the best Series has to offer you get to
choose from four different classes known
as Hunters Rangers or some bravers each
of these have their own pros and cons
such as being that's where ranged
abilities or tanks that sell them Close
Quarters combat naturally a range of
weapons and armor take the Forefront and
provide a means for the player to
augment their abilities and looks which
have a noticeable effect out on the
field with an online mode hundreds of
weapons to find increased level Caps or
different classes to max out tons of new
maps more difficulty modes and many many
more additions there is never a shortage
of films to do in this game thankfully
it has now been fully translated into
enriched allowing players from around
the world to jump in and experience one
of the best fantasy star games that ever
got released any fans of the series or
just fans of action RPGs in general must
try this game
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep serves as
a prequel to the events of the series
and sees you taken on the role of Terror
Adventists and aqua as you throw the
abandoned mysterious monsters known as a
burst about to defend the various worlds
that make up the game the base of
gameplay remains unchanged from the main
Kingdom Hearts games you hack and slash
your way through worlds using your
keyblade although each character has
slightly different vitamin Styles terror
is slow but powerful factors is reaped
by lightning fast and aqua makes the
best use of magic as you would expect
there's a huge amount of skills and
special abilities that each character
can use which all have a specific use
especially when it comes to some of the
more challenging boss fights visually
there is no denying that birth by
sleeping something rather special it's
nearly on par with its Home console
variants which stands as a Real
Testament to the power of the PSP
obviously the polygon count is no doubt
lower than in Kingdom Hearts 2 but you
would never know from playing everything
from the backgrounds to the animations
and models look fantastic bit by sleep
lives up to the expectations it became
the part series and has everything we
would expect and a good action RPG while
the lack of Final Fantasy characters was
disappointed they included Disney
characters fit into the game nicely fans
of the series will not be disappointed
with the game and even casual players
will find lots of Joy well that does it
for today's video keep an eye out for
part two as that will be coming up soon
so don't forget to subscribe and hit
that Bell to get notified about new
videos and share the show with your
friends you can follow me on all of the
socials which are linked below to stay
up to date and also join my growing
community on Discord to meet many
like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with I'd like to give a
special shout out to my patreon
supporters Rhino skill gym Sudan Richard
Amy Daniel Hall Dio Omar Strider Pierre
Carl awesome jacket do Ryan Alex
GameCube Galaxy curse salary man and
Paddy J for their continued support that
helps make these videos possible if
you're interested in joining my Discord
or supporting Channel Through patreon
you'll find all of these links down
below as always thanks for taking the
time to watch the video I'll catch you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you